[Music]
moving on to something else okay little dig at
Albert Domènech little dig at a
friend on YouTube okay little dig at
Albert Domènech at a friend on YouTube let's see
who you think is pulling his
leg okay let's see it
if there's one thing that I hate in this life it's
hypocrisy and falsehood
but I can't I'm a guy who
considers myself sincere with my good things and
my flaws and I'm capable of asking for forgiveness
when I'm wrong I would vote triple if he
asks me for forgiveness for having insulted him he
insulted me because he made a
totally
valid criticism they are in breach of
court for those seven months he insulted me
because he made a completely
valid criticism okay
the criticism was that he was
criticizing us he was throwing things in our faces
that he himself didn't think okay I mean
the video is on Javi the canijo if
you remember to
put it in the description or put it in
the comments okay so that people can
see it where I put it look pam pam pam pam pam pam
okay
habib those are  the forms of
critical source solángel I have with the
too good form I have for a
lady who gives me the same thing sol ángel
that you don't like the form you're going to see
little I'm okay that lage you're going to see
little I if you don't like the forms those
are the forms that there are here for the
people who deserve it okay if you don't
like it little I have it in Spanish,
English and French let's see family what I
told you, I mean I'm still waiting for
her to apologize for the insult she
made to me I
mean I don't insult anyone I don't like it when they
insult me
and I think I have pretty
clear ideas and one thing is to change your mind
because many times you can change your
mind or you can simply approach
people depending on the moments and according to
the actions and say here you have been
well and here I criticize you or I do more
self-criticism because I consider that this has not
been fair and another thing directly they
are what is worn today not on many
televisions and hundreds of that not even
thank you very much sweetheart for those six
months I must also say it on many
YouTube channels that are the lurches
those who are attentive have made attentive to this okay
and I'm sorry but I must also say in
many YouTube channels that are the
lurches the changes of jacket he
is criticizing his colleagues on
YouTube okay he has changed his mind he must have
changed his mind
surely okay because two or
three weeks ago he was saying that he
liked to criticize only his
journalist colleagues but that his
colleagues on YouTube did not like to
criticize him
a huge hug thank you very much for those
seven months
well
I'm going to get closer to the sun that warms the most
and he is criticizing some YouTuber who
has made a lurch and a change of
jacket and although he does it several times
now fuchsia tide now blue Maria
now Maria fusion travel but since it didn't
turn out well now blue tide again like this
okay this criticism of some colleague I do
n't know if with a cap without a cap that keeps
lurching you according to his interest okay
and in an incomprehensible way and without criteria
now I support and when I get tired Leao
gives me more money to support let's see despite the fact
that it went through my lining and through the
arch the tribute arch I remember with
the good criticism  hanger thank you so much
for those five months
no that's not Juana then what Juana
is criticizing
Juana then what is it that she is
criticizing let's see what Juana is going to tell us
what is she criticizing
Albert that apparently we are
hearing wrong
apparently it is that we are hearing
wrong I think she just said on
YouTube let's go back to the listen wait
but wait what Juana says she's going to
upload now explaining what she's
saying let's see because we are
trying we are understanding it wrong
us don't pass you okay okay okay bal and
Carmen okay your opinion because many
times you can change your mind the
sep let's see let's see
and we're going to relate
Chanel's victory with something that I can't I'm
not saying it right away
if there's something that I hate in this life it's
hypocrisy and falsehood I can't I can't
I'm a guy who considers myself sincere
with my good things and my defects and
I am capable of asking for forgiveness when I'm
wrong and I think what Juana says to
María Patiño and you'll see okay Juana
listen to yourself  Juana listen Juana I have
pretty clear ideas and one thing is to
change your mind because many times
you can change your mind or you
can simply approach
people depending on the moments and according to the
actions and say here you have been well and
here I criticize you or I do more self-criticism
because I consider that this has not been
fair and another thing directly this is what is
worn today not on many
televisions and I'm sorry but I
must also say it in many
YouTube channels that are the lurches
Juana
Juana now when they no longer write in
the chat
and Asunción also went to Patiño really
I watched with people like that I don't even break
okay because I could get a hernia in
one of my balls it
's clear who she's talking about yeah good time it
could be because of Mike a also because more
Maika Jamaican can see her
here the thing is that Juana
comes Juana
Juana doesn't talk anymore Juana her
chat battery runs out I think
Juana
yes Juan wrote a
listen to him Javi just a little longer isn't something
clear Juana yes the same at the end of the
video talks about patiño of course
families don't think I'm
right just listen to it a little more
then he talks about patiño and
impatience then then you come to me and tell
someone to [ __ ] off
little by little paying attention to the table I give myself
little by little
paying attention to the table I give myself
oh my god listen to him listen a little
more he says
and I'm sorry but I must also say on
many YouTube channels that they are the
lurches the changes of jacket the
good ones I'm
going to get closer to the sun that warms the most
and in an incomprehensible way and without criteria
now I support and when I get tired he gives me
more money to support let's see even though he
went through my lining and through the arch and
the arc of triumph all my principles
juana now I'm not talking about
albert okay I'm not criticizing
albert okay wanna I'm criticizing
isabel rábago okay even if it seems to you
that you don't
keep listening to the live then you'll
see keep listening to her until the end
to bera bera bera bera to me I'm getting married wanna
just like she's writing  that you are
writing and I am not disrespecting you
Juana neither do I
Juana nor do I
think so, you are totally and absolutely
right Juana
really in Juana it seems to us that what
you say is the truth
no do not take into account good
typings the values ​​and everything that I have
said in other in other contexts and in
other videos and that is how it is and I insist I
insist for the lovers of
disassembly
this is for me the lovers of montage
this is for me this is for me here when you
see it you realize that I opted for [ __ ] I
just threw a pullita a friend
of YouTube and it's been and two weeks since
three fighters Javi I even insulted him
your criticism whoever wants okay Juana
thanks for giving me permission I really
feel super liberated with that now more
give them permission they are going to I did not dare to
do it really
Juana thank you very much be thank you thank you
really Juana really
thank you really Juana I did not dare to
do it but now this is for me
because now suddenly Albert says
host
or so
what am I
throwing in support of a
friend of YouTube
when he does a  couple of weeks and I was
insulting Javi because he accused me of
falsely saying things in order to continue the
nonsense that you spread against me in Elche, people
like Vana, that you should
n't criticize your colleagues at YouTube, that you have to
criticize everyone, all the
television personalities, all the journalists,
but not your colleagues at YouTube because of
some unwritten rule that I just made up,
okay,
and now that I'm telling Javi, let's see
what he says to the
Ikea bird because now those who will
take pieces of me will come. Look, since
you said this here, I'm not talking about
changes of opinion and I'm talking about
now, this seems good to me and this
seems bad to me, sir, that there is a
construction of a story and the
criteria are sensible and have a
basis and I even think that it is a symptom
of translation intelligence to be able to
say, no, I don't think it's Jamaica,'
because Mick, so it's true that now he
's sort of changing the way he
talks about Antonio David,
but I think it's based on a series of
events and things that are
happening, Antonio, okay, it's not  one
is not a change of bands or free to
them I think it is not because of Mike it
could be it is that maybe the
interpreter of Maika as he
pleases but as when seeing what happens
is that you throw them slyly no it is not going to be
direct at all it is direct when they already piss him off
and he insults you and shows
his true knowledge
if you are going to be a critic if you are going to
throw a barb at a colleague and the [ __ ]
name of [ __ ]
but not at me where do they have to give
remember Javier will continue all his
channels for more quality content
sparks sparks thanks table huge kiss
thank you very much for that super char
heart I think if each Spaniard wants a peseta
but no not even where they have to give how
annoying the double standards they use to
see if they can criticize but that not
exactly it has just fallen
exactly look at how they are look at how
these people are that we are reacting
to a video of Albert
criticizing his colleagues throwing a
sly barb at his colleagues and they
are insulting me because I am
criticizing that Alves criticizes his
colleagues
that is the logic you know what happens to them
this lady who is also very angry
that a brat who is so handsome, well
handsome and successful and who is always right,
always right, and on top of that, he
tells you with such a cocky tone because
the truth is that it always hurts you,
okay, that's what burns and
bothers them but I'm sorry it's all
logic that is called that you have to see
things, I already told her at the time when I saw you
if you criticize your colleagues why
are you saying I'm leaving it bores me you
are very predictable
javi yes to zz goodbye isabel goodbye my weapon
huge kiss heart
like that albert was criticizing I was not
criticizing I was repeating what I
read in the chat that the
crowd was saying that I am that the
colleagues of the critics because I do not
consider them public figures I criticize
those on television, in other words, my entire channel
tries to criticize Carlota Corredera,
María Patiño, Diego Arrabal, everyone
okay but not the colleagues from YouTube
because when they saw what the explanation was,
Terry gave us a [ __ ] idea why do
these ladies put it in the chat and now I join in
mob that's the application okay
then here once again
talking about hypocrisy falsehood and he's
throwing the stone and hiding his hand he's
already throwing the stone from behind
the wall without being seen if you have
something to say say your name
look Maika chaquetera Maika you've
joined the blue tide and now you're
saying what you really think or I
think he's going for something else the other one the one with
the motor in the cap the one in the
pants the one who runs you really
are fusion
you are fusion you saw the money you
saw the money and you took it
warm then you tried
the fuzz again me and when he said he didn't
pick up the cable and he died to the blue one
you know then
and the names so we know who he's stretching he
supports
me what I have what I have which is
these people I tell them and that's it
or stay anchored only in an opinion
but one thing is this and another thing is
directly in the interests, it's to say
well now for business I'm interested in this
and when I've made enough
videos or already on TV I've squeezed the
characters I go to the other I go to the other
and without  no kind of objection and no
kind of explanation I'm talking about
this already warned for navigators
could do navigator albert and here
what I see
me here what I see is that alves just
threw a sly dig at her
thank god she's not like yours already
blue and red but we already know that be it
Julia you don't need to tell me
I would say the name of whoever is going to
criticize be it me this throwing it hides your
hand for the truth is that no because it
gives rise to confusion it's like when the
critic
the speculations about yes yes yes
no the times I don't know what it's worth gives rise
to speculation because now we
are here there is little by maycas there is
little by the other no sir it goes for this to
this that is being maria patiño is the
same as you what do you say that you are pink and
you are yellow but since she doesn't say names anyway what I
see here is that once again she is
throwing the stone she
is hiding her hand
literally the only thing I see and once
again I am checking that he has said on
many occasions that he likes to
make videos criticizing everyone
but carlos from youtube does not  and now he just
criticized he literally just
criticized youtubers some youtuber
that we don't know who it is but I can imagine
okay I have 22 other options
but he's criticizing someone who says he
's a youtuber that goes around in circles
and as the money comes in he goes to
one side then the other if he sees that the
other one doesn't give him money he goes to the other and
when he's burned out making videos
and throwing [ __ ] well he goes
back to the other side
once again you're criticizing your
colleagues a totally valid criticism
and one that I agree with I think there
are colleagues on youtube who do that
okay but [ __ ] a man because it leads
to confusion but it's not just that you give
names when I see that you dedicate a
[ __ ] click with a [ __ ] thumbnail to
who you're referring to so that we are
clear about your opinion
[Music]